---
layout: post
title:  "Edinburgh Fringe Fest 2024"
date:   2024-08-25 12:06:47 +0100
---

In August 2024, I went to 27 Edinburgh Fringe Festival Shows... It would be rude not to. So here's a post to summarise my experience, as per usual - I'm not expecting this to be of any value or for anyone to read this. I found it quite a blur, so maybe it would be good for me to recap my time. 

## Edinburgh Fringe?

It's great.

## How Did I do it?

Easy. Spreadsheet and fliers.

## What did I see?

Now, here's a quick run-down of the shows I saw this month. Chronological order (as far as I can remember) and each with a quick and almost-honest thought.

*Week One (Sunday only)*

- **Phil Ellis** - A very funny show! No long stories like most stand-ups, just a random compilation of funny jokes and skits.
- **Not my audience** - Comedy panel show, controlled with by audience with an app. It was alright, good to see a multiple comedians.

*Week Two*

- **Liam Whitnail** - Saw the same show last year; a hilarious and emotional tale of the struggles of chronic illness (bowel disease). Surprised me in many ways.
- **Cheekykita** - Crazy clowny show with lots of audience interaction about life and animals and space; weird. A bit funny too.
- **Improvised Poetry History** - Improv poetry based what happens if certain historical events went differently. Definitely good poetry, but by far and large too nerdy of a show for me with all the jokes going right over my simple head.
- **Kiwi Sketch show thing** - Very impressive circus with some pretty funny sketches; energetic and crazy, that's how I like it.
- **Adam Flood** - Absolutely hilarious energetic stand-up by a lad from Stoke. A highlight for sure.
- **Afrique Cirque** - African Circus by some superhuman folk; never knew bodies could do the things they were doing, good audience interaction too.
- **Ralph Brown** - I love anecdotal humour! Ralph was held at gunpoint last fringe and has a very funny long story behind it.

*Week Three*

- **Laughing Horse Compilation** - Gives 5-10mins preview of various comics performing at fringe. We saw some alright ones, though it was a weird vibe with about 9 of us in a 200 seater room.
- **A Night Of Drama** - A gem of a show! In a wee yurt there are comics trying to do improv and the audience are given banana peels to throw at will! So funny.
- **Rosco McCelland** - Good bit of stand-up; Glawegian, funny tales with an emotional and interesting story.
- **Nathan Cassidy** - A bit of not-very funny comedy unfortunately. Sometimes worked but sometimes missed a trick, might have just been due to a quiet Thursday. But had a nice overall message of *the world is fucked, so let's fuck everything anyway!*
- **The Improv Horror Show Thing** - Absolute bizzare improv shows based on the audiences answer to questions. So strange and funny.
- **Late Night Drunk Comedy Challenge** - This was alright. I liked the premise of getting drunk and doing game shows, but felt forced and the comedians weren't very drunk; they were doing shots of Smirnoff Ice.
- **Cold Brew Comedy** - Good at times, but did have the inevitable English private school humour.
- **Liam Farrelly: Flipbook** - A perfect antidote to said private school humour! Funny anecdotes and emotional stories from a proper Glaswegian. Loved it.

*Week Four*

- **The Most Toast** - A firm highlight of the fringe. Finding who, in the audience, has eaten the most toast; it's hard to explain why this was so funny, but it was.
- **Comedy For The Curious** - Phil Ellis was the special guest here! It was strange having him on a science panel, the science was a bit boring but Phil was great.
- **A Celebration of Father Ted** - Absurd. A mix of Father Ted based jokes, anecdotes, quizes, games and music from one of the actors! There was also a parody of David Bowie singing nursery rhymes. Decent show!
- **Finlay Christie** - An alright show, pretty funny, some of it was very slightly political at times which was too much for me.
- **Rollercoaster** - A juggling show, I thought it was going to be comedy - it wasn't, but I wasn't dissapointed! The colours and the skills and the acrobatics and the scenes gave a such a nice, blissful, and almost meditative experience.
- **Mythos: Ragnorak** - A very cool retelling of Nordic Mythology through the means of pro-wrestling. Interesting, energetic, impressive, fun.
- **Seconds To Midnight** - A serious play about friendship when the world is ending. Sounded interesting, but it wasn't. Oh well, I tried.
- **Brits Abroad: Banned** - A funny musical play about British on holiday getting sent to hell. Great music, good laughs, very British.
- **David Eagle** - An alright bit of stand-up from a blind man from Hartlepool, included some very strange and funny songs.
- **Why I Stuck A Flare Up My Arse For England** - A very good way to end it. An emotional comedy play all about football hooliganism, relationships, friendship alcohol, and living a wild lifestlye. Having experience in English Lower League Football banter was a plus - The MK Army!

And that is 27 shows in total! What a blur.

<MENTION RGB MONSTER FUNNY THING>

I am very thankful to have some many.